2025 12
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.
1. A. Outside the office of a charity foundation. C. Under the engine cover of a man's car.
B. Inside the car of David King's neighbour. D. At the gate of a grade school in Kent.
2. A. It got reunited with its owner. C. It became a pet of Mr King's grandson.
B. It was injured during the rescue. D. It was placed in the care of a UK charity.
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.
3. A. The 100th anniversary celebration of Methodist University.
B. The first important political event in the next five years.
C. The opening of the Special Olympics Spring Games.
D. The reunion of this year's Olympic gold medalists.
4. A. Volunteers visit the Games' website to sign up.
B. Athletes with special needs triumph in the Games.
C. Organizers devote their time and energy to the Games.
D. Children play in a fun tent and enjoy themselves fully.
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.
5. A. Destroy its imitation chocolate rabbits.
B. Change the wrapping of its commodities.
C. Compensate for the Swiss manufacturer's loss.
D. Defend itself in the country's commercial court.
6. A. It could be rewrapped and sold by the budget supermarket.
B. It could be reshaped into animals other than rabbits.
C. It could be resold cheaper to avoid waste.
D. It could be reused in other products.
7. A. To be fair to the German supermarkets. C. To boost the growth of the chocolate industry.
B. To protect chocolate retailers' interests. D. To prevent consumers' possible confusion.
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
8. A. Return the handbook to him. C. Pass a book to him.
B. Make a vegetable dish. D. Meet his sister's boyfriend.
9. A. It doesn't seem to be a balanced diet. C. It would do harm to one's muscles.
B. It would reduce one's protein intake. D. It doesn't sound practical for her.
10. A. To improve his health. C. To follow a trendy lifestyle.
B. To protect animal rights. D. To stick to his religious belief.
11. A. The torture and distress dolphins suffer in parks.
B. The necessity of having zoos and eating meat.
C. The gloomy environments animals are kept in.
D. The urgency of joining an animal rights group.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
12. A. The part about getting over jetlag. C. The part about not eating on board the plane.
B. The part about air travel in the past. D. The part about avoiding sleeping on the plane.
13. A. Take a nap to adjust to a new time zone.
B. Have meals as usual to stay away from hunger.
C. Concentrate on reading articles recommended by experts.
D. Try following the advice given by the expert on the show.
14. A. She does not have any problem flying. C. She does not have to worry about jetlag.
B. She can spend a lot of time vacationing. D. She has been well treated when traveling.
15. A. It has caused heavy losses to many airlines. C. It has long been ignored by many experts.
B. It impacts female travelers more seriously. D. It affects twenty-five percent of people.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16. A. Learning from skilled designers. C. Joining a 6-month training camp.
B. Obtaining real-world experience. D. Anticipating actual challenges.
17. A. Core skills. B. Higher education. C. Adaptability. D. Capability.
18. A. Start anywhere. C. Pursue roles in teams.
B. Face challenges. D. Follow their own path.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19. A. To respond actively to students' requests.
B. To engage students more in their learning.
C. To enable teachers to interact more with their students.
D. To allow students more freedom in their academic work.
20. A. Using new furniture to create a comfortable environment.
B. Shifting from traditional teaching to task-based learning.
C. Adopting a variety of different seating options.
D. Rearranging most traditional chairs and desks.
21. A. A win for all people involved.
B. A strengthened effect of its discipline.
C. A harmonious relationship among its students.
D. A change to teachers' opinion of their students.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A. They weren't informed of the school's updated rules.
B. They arrived late for their first day of school.
C. They answered their headteacher's email in an impolite way.
D. They didn't wear the shoes required by the school's new policy.
23. A. Riots. B. Anger. C. Disputes. D. Panic.
24. A. They strengthened the school's discipline and order.
B. They improved student behavior and performance.
C. They enhanced the positive image of the school.
D. They rendered the school unique in the district.
25. A. Turn to her parents for help. C. Borrow £65 from her friend.
B. Tighten her monthly budget. D. Postpone paying her other bills.
what you want from the 35 of options, which can narrow the possible choices, and also make you more
confident about your ability to make the right decision.
A. approximately F. deposited K. range
B. case G. enter L. regular
C. chance H. invest M. seize
D. confused I. matter N. selection
E. crucial J. presented O. ultimately
unfounded,” the researchers concluded.) More recent work has shown roughly the same.
H. The truth is that in fairly dense areas, bikes are more efficient at moving people around. You might lose
one car driver's business — but you gain shoppers who now can arrive more easily on bikes. “Cyclists
and pedestrians are consumers too,” notes Professor Susan Handy. Plus, streets redesigned for bikes and
pedestrians tend to become more pleasant places to hang around, so “in a lot of cases, that's created much
nicer environments that are really good for those businesses.”
I. Mom-and-pop shops are usually pretty quick at recognizing situations that will help their bottom lines. So
why the blind spot here? Perhaps it's that attention focuses on horror stories — and some merchants do get
hit when bike lanes come in.
J. I spoke to Cindy Hughes, a hairdresser in Cambridge, Massachusetts. She said business fell by
at least 40 percent when the city removed nearby parking to put in a bike lane. The majority of her
customers drive, with many coming from nearby towns. Only a very few have shifted to cycling, and even
those almost certainly won't cycle in Boston's snowy winters. So while Hughes supports bike lanes —
“cyclists deserve to be safe” — she sees the parking loss as an existential risk. “Look, 90 percent of my
customers drive,” she told me. “For our business, the bike lanes are way worse than Covid was.”
K. For others, the pushback is cultural, says Henry Grabar, a writer for the Slate Magazine. Small business
owners are frequently drivers who commute from other parts of the city by car, Grabar points out. They're
also often longtime locals. “They tend to be people with deep roots in the city, who have hung around
since before the neighborhood became what it is today,” he adds. Driving around town in a car is so
normal to them that cycling seems weird and unusual — despite its boost from Covid, when bike sales
exploded by 75 percent.
L. Psychology beats all! Who knew, right? The fierce divide between store owners and bike-lane advocates
seems similar to our larger culture wars over climate change. If we've learned anything about culture wars,
it's that data isn't much good at changing minds.
M. When Janette Sadik-Khan was the head of New York City's Transportation Department back in the early
2000s, she oversaw a rollout of bike lanes — and got angry blowback from residents and business
owners who claimed there weren't enough cyclists to justify installing lanes. Now, she notes ironically, the
lanes are so full of activity that opponents have turned to claiming the problem is the opposite: There are
too many cyclists getting in the way of cars.
N. Maybe bike lanes will always be charged with emotion, until enough of the public is finally concerned
about climate change — and it seems reckless to not have them.
O. Crises, after all, have a way of opening people's eyes to possibilities. During Covid, restaurants and
cafés lost so much business that cities nationwide began allowing them to build curbside seating areas
where people could sit, safely, in the open air. It greatly reduced parking — but because, well, shop
owners didn't see any way around it. Customers loved the outdoor seating so much that cities are making
it permanent: A New York City study of several streets closed during Covid found storeowners making
more than before, and diners enjoying the outdoor lifestyle. If data won't change minds, customers might.
36. An increasing amount of data indicates that installing bike lanes raises local business revenues.
37. According to a magazine writer, some small business owners' resistance to bike lanes arises from cultural
factors.
38. A stretch of Skillman Ave witnessed not only a big increase in sales but also the opening of new
businesses.
39. When people have no way out in crises, they are more likely to embrace changes.
40. According to one survey, city design with bike lanes and pedestrian space did not negatively impact local
businesses.
41. Despite increased business activity on Skillman Ave, many store owners insisted the bike lanes were
destroying their area.
42. In a war of culture, data does not help much in changing people's minds.
43. A businesswoman said her business dropped sharply when parking space gave way to a bike lane, because
most of her customers came by car.
44. Local business owners on Skillman Ave argued that their businesses would be ruined when parking spots
were replaced by bike lanes.
45. People may find it more pleasant to wander around streets redesigned for cycling and walking.
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
All living organisms on Earth are exposed to a 24-hour day-night cycle. This cycle is the reason why
people rest at night and are active during the day. Consequently, all human body functions also follow this
daily rhythm, and the timing of behaviors like exercise or food intake can significantly influence your health.
For example, eating at night can lead to weight gain over time because food intake at night leads to increased
fat storage.
Many drug targets in the body follow a 24-hour cycle, too. This means that the specific proteins a drug is
designed to modify can react differently to the medicine over the course of a 24-hour time period. Because
how the body responds to a drug can differ depending on the time it is taken, it logically follows that taking
medicines at specific times could help increase their effectiveness and reduce unwanted side effects.
When doctors prescribe medicine for people, they rarely consider the best time to take it. There are two
main reasons for that oversight. First, many physicians are not aware that some drugs work better during a
specific time of the day. And second, most drugs have not been studied for possible different effects during a
24-hour cycle. Therefore, patients are directed to take most drugs during the morning or evening primarily to
ensure compliance.
Over 50 years ago, researchers found that the cholesterol drug simvastatin is more effective at lowering
cholesterol levels when taken at night rather than during the day. This is because the liver enzyme these
drugs target is more active at night.
Taking medicine at the wrong time can even cause harm. My colleagues and I wondered whether
midazolam, the most common sedative used in surgical procedures worldwide, might interfere with
the internal clock that protects the heart at night. Currently, there are no guidelines regarding when midazolam
should be administered.
More research is needed to determine the best times to administer treatments for different diseases. I
believe taking drug timing into account could help make treatments more effective and help more people
worldwide.
46. What do we learn from the passage about the timing of our behaviors?
A. It has a considerable impact on our health.
B. It confines us to a 24-hour day-night cycle.
C. It requires us to follow a particular rhythm.
D. It holds the key to all human body functions.
47. What does the author say about the proteins in our body?
A. They can modify the effects of medicines in different ways.
B. They can reduce unwanted side effects of certain medicines.
C. Their reaction to medicines changes during the day-night cycle.
D. Their design determines how differently they react to medicines.
48. What do doctors do when prescribing medicine for people?
A. They give little thought to the time of taking it for maximum effect.
B. They rarely consider which medicine works better for which patient.
C. They tell patients its possible side effects during a period of 24 hours.
D. They tell patients to comply with the directions of drug manufacturers.
49. Why do doctors advise patients to take most drugs in the morning or in the evening?
A. To discourage them from making complaints.
B. To ensure they take the drugs as instructed.
C. To comply with new research findings strictly.
D. To guarantee the maximum effect of the drugs.
50. What does the author suggest near the end of the passage?
A. Considering drug-taking timing when prescribing drugs for patients.
B. Making treatments less complex by taking drug timing into account.
C. Conducting more studies to find out the best timing for treating different diseases.
D. Finding out the most effective drugs for treating diseases through further research.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Katharine Abraham, an economics professor, was chatting with her hairdresser about
retirement plans. The economist said she plans to continue working because she wants to. The hairdresser
agreed but for a different reason: She needs the money.
Both scenarios are contributing to a big increase in the number of people in the U.S. working into
their 70s. Over the past 20 years, the share of Americans working in their 70s has risen from less than 10% to
nearly 15%.
In addition to people being healthier and living much longer, economists say that a combination of
financial considerations such as years of slow rise in real wages and a shift away from traditional pensions in
the private sector are some of the reasons people delay retirement. The decline of manufacturing and the
increase in the number of people working in less labor-intensive occupations also has contributed to the trend,
says Abraham, who researches work and retirement decisions of older Americans.
“Which matters more depends on what your history up until that point has been in the type of work
you're doing,” Abraham says.
The overall trend is hitting Americans of all different levels of educational attainment, although the
percentages vary by category. The share of Americans with bachelor's degrees who were working into their
70s reached nearly 20% in 2018. For those with a high school degree or less, the proportion of those working
in their 70s had risen to around 10%, while those with some college education were in the middle at around
15%.
Martin Neil Baily, an economist who is leading a research project on retirement security, notes that
quitting a career can lead to feelings of isolation and loneliness, particularly for men. He suggests that many
college-educated workers are choosing to stay in the labor force more for social benefits than for financial
reasons. They're also more likely to be in professional occupations where they tend to enjoy their work more.
Workers in more physical jobs, meanwhile, may be more likely to look forward to retiring, Baily says,
suggesting those who stay on are more likely doing so for financial reasons.
51. What do we learn from the passage about the economics professor and her hairdresser?
A. They differ in their reasons for continuing to work.
B. They are both committed to working into their 70s.
C. They are happy about their current financial situation.
D. They hold different views about postponing retirement.
52. What is one of the reasons for people to delay retirement?
A. More and more people have switched to less intellectually challenging jobs.
B. The number of jobs suitable for older people has increased in the private sector.
C. The rate of wage increase in terms of purchasing power has slowed down for years.
D. More and more people in the workplace find it hard to rely on traditional pensions.
53. What is the general trend in people delaying retirement?
A. The higher their earnings, the more likely they are tempted to delay retirement.
B. Those who have more job satisfaction tend to retire later than those who have less.
C. More men than women are likely to stay in the labor force until their late seventies.
D. The higher their educational level, the more likely they are to delay retirement.
54. What is the chief reason for college-educated workers delaying retirement according to an economist?
A. Enjoying financial security. C. Contributing more professionally.
B. Staying connected socially. D. Increasing social security payments.
55. What does the passage say about people doing manual work?
A. They are eager to enjoy life after retiring.
B. They are likely to have financial troubles.
C. They generally don't enjoy doing it.
D. They tend to anticipate retirement.
， （private economy） ， 。
2025 3 ， 5700 ， 92.3%。
， 。 ， 、
。 。